As soon as he arrived, he settled with us for half a year's offline payment.
Now they still control money with us. My brothers will definitely not disapprove.
That's it. This situation is left to you.
Follow us and work hard from now on. Hand over all the brothers.
I'm so looking forward to seeing other expressions that I can't bear to eat.
Must be a special competition. Lifei.
Just call me to let me know. I asked you to hand over all the lessons to the mine director.
This is the handover. They're quite fast.
They just want us to be completely unable to stand up.
No. Please bring someone with you.
The entrance to this new mine was surrounded.
I believe he is going to take a leave of absence and fall from power.
Is there anything fishy in this issue?
If they want to be happy and happy,
The trouble is completely in our hands.
Thank you Liu bad for me
words of thanks
You'd better keep telling Liu Shang personally.
I didn't expect that I would take action at this time.